Local sealing (#6966)
microsoft/CCF: doc/operations/recovery.rst

Once operators have established a recovered crash-fault tolerant public network, the existing members of the consortium :ref:`must vote to accept the recovery of the network and submit their recovery shares <governance/accept_recovery:Accepting Recovery and Submitting Shares>`.

Local Sealing Recovery
----------------------

> SNP provides the `DERIVED_KEY` guest message which derives a key from the CPU's VCEK (or VLEK), TCB version and the guest's measurement and host_data (policy), thus any change to the CPU, measurement or policy, or a rolled-back TCB version, will prevent the key from being reconstructed.
> Local sealing uses a derived key to skip waiting for recovery shares from members after `transition_to_open` is triggered and instead unseal previously sealed ledger secrets.
> 
> If, in config.json, `output_files.sealed_ledger_secret_location` is set, the node will derive a key and seal versioned ledger secrets to that directory.
> This capability is noted in `public:ccf.gov.node.info[node].will_locally_seal_ledger_secrets`, to allow it to be audited.
> 
> Then if `command.recover.previous_sealed_ledger_secret_location` is set in the config.json, when the node recovers and receives the `transition_to_open` transaction, the node will try to unseal the latest ledger secret and use that to recover the ledger.
> If this is unsuccessful, it will fall back to waiting for recovery shares.
> Which of these two paths is taken is noted in the `public:ccf.internal.last_recovery_type`.
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     $ cat /path/to/config/file
>       ...
>       "command": {
>         "type": "Recover",
>         ...
>         "recover": {
>           ...
>           "previous_sealed_ledger_secret_location": "/path/to/previous/secret"
>         }
>       }
>       "output_files": {
>         ...
>         "sealed_ledger_secret_location": "/path/to/new/secret"
>       }
>       ...
>     $ cchost --config /path/to/config/file
> 

Author: ```suggestion
SNP provides the `DERIVED_KEY` guest message which derives a key from the CPU's VCEK (or VLEK), TCB version and the guest's measurement and host_data (policy), thus any change to the CPU, measurement or policy, or a rolled-back TCB version, will prevent the key from being reconstructed.
If configured, the node will unseal the secrets it previously sealed instead of waiting for recovery shares from members after `transition_to_open` is triggered.

If, in config.json, `output_files.sealed_ledger_secret_location` is set, the node will derive a key and seal versioned ledger secrets to that directory.
This capability is noted in `public:ccf.gov.node.info[node].will_locally_seal_ledger_secrets`, to allow it to be audited.

Then if `command.recover.previous_sealed_ledger_secret_location` is set in the config.json, when the node recovers and receives the `transition_to_open` transaction, the node will try to unseal the latest ledger secret and use that to recover the ledger.
If this is unsuccessful, it will fall back to waiting for recovery shares.
Which of these two paths is taken is noted in the `public:ccf.internal.last_recovery_type`.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cat /path/to/config/file
      ...
      "command": {
        "type": "Recover",
        ...
        "recover": {
          ...
          "previous_sealed_ledger_secret_location": "/path/to/previous/secret"
        }
      }
      "output_files": {
        ...
        "sealed_ledger_secret_location": "/path/to/new/secret"
      }
      ...
    $ cchost --config /path/to/config/file

```
